# README
This project contains all the artifacts for supporting exploratory analysis and plots for Project 2.

There are 6 plots for the 6 question sets posed for project 2.  They are described as follows:

## Plot 1
Demonstrate whether or not total emissions from PM2.5 
have decreased in the United States from 1999 -> 2008.

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)

## Plot 2
Demonstrate whether or not total emissions from PM2.5 
decreased in the Baltimore City, Maryland (fips == "24510")
from 1999 -> 2008

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)

## Plot 3
Demonstrate of the 4 types of sources (point, nonpoint, 
road, nonroad) have either increasing or decreasing
emissions from 1999 -> 2008

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)

## Plot 4
Show changes in annual Emissions of Coal-Combustion-Based
sources in the US from 1999 -> 2008

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)

## Plot 5
Show how emissions from motor vehicle sources changed from 
1999â€“2008 in Baltimore City.

Definition of Motor Vehicle interpreted as:
  "A road vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine"

From analysis of reference data Source_Classification_Code
it is assumed Data.Category of "Onroad" sufficiently
categorizes motor vehicles for this study

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)

## Plot 6
Compare emissions from motor vehicle sources in Baltimore 
City (fips == "24510") with emissions from motor vehicle 
sources in Los Angeles County, California (fips == "06037"). 

Which city has seen greater changes over time in motor 
vehicle emissions?

Definition of Motor Vehicle interpreted as:
 "A road vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine"

From analysis of reference data Source_Classification_Code
it is assumed Data.Category of "Onroad" sufficiently
categorizes motor vehicles for this study

Barplots are chosen because data is discrete (Annual only
samples by category)
